a tied girl was hanged on the ceiling
the blind old man approached her
took a pair of scissors to cut off her
pants then he pulled out a white liquid
the girl struggling to scream all over
the room what did she do to get into
this situation after all
the three thieves enter a room quickly
turn off the warning
and then split the action this white guy
named alex
he likes to get things like watches
computers
this bearded guy named money or does all
kinds of miscellaneous things
and this girl named rocky in order to
get rid of the predicament
she accompanied two friends to stole she
was interested in shoes
clothes and jewelry after the burglary
the group did not forget to turn on the
alarm system
and before going back they break the
glass door
to make the alarm goes off the three of
them got in the car and left
on money's car said that if he succeeds
several times like this one
he will start a new life with rocky it
turns out that money and rocky are a
loving couple
alex in the back heard that a little
uncomfortable
alex's father is a director of a
security company
in his home there are spare keys to
households so the three of them can
steal so easily
one day money received information that
a 70-year-old blind veteran lived alone
because his daughter was stabbed to
death by a rich girl so he had a large
compensation
coincidentally the security system there
was installed by alex's father as well
after listening rocky immediately became
greedy but alex firmly protested
isn't that any different from making me
hurt my dad my father and i cannot get
away with this
after saying that alex immediately got
up and walked away
at night rocky texted alex to beg him to
finish this case for her sake
she needed that money to take her and
her sister out of here
because her family situation was so
difficult and alex
because he likes rocky also agreed to do
this
the three of them immediately went to
the veterans residence
suddenly a large dog burst into the car
door towards the three of them biting
loudly until someone called him back
it turned out to be the old man blind
the three of them who saw
that immediately decided to act tonight
in the evening they went to his house
and threw the baits to feed the dog
after entering the house smoothly
money went directly to the old man's
room and released the smoke to
anesthetize
heard the movement the sleeping old man
suddenly woke up
and stared at money finally reaching out
his hand to turn off the tv continue to
sleep
money saw that immediately closed the
door and went out
three people searched forever but did
not find anything
found downstairs there is a locked door
thinking that there is money down there
so they immediately tried to open the
door struggling for a while
unable to trust the door money
immediately took a gun
and tried to shoot the door lock but was
stopped by alex
he didn't want to use the gun in this
case so he dragged rocky away
but rocky insisted on staying money does
not care
he shot through a small empty bottle to
break the door lock
was happy
so
[Music]
do
alex wasn't far away heard gunshots so
he turned around
because he was worried about rocky
looking sideways and looking along
the blind old man suddenly approached he
frantically dodged his way against the
wall to avoid the old man
the old man hurriedly locked all the
doors checked to see
if he had lost the money at that moment
he revealed the code
rocky hid behind so he saw it all she
texted rocky with her location
wait for him to leave then quickly open
the safe to get all the money in his
pocket
then the two of them quickly escaped to
the basement the old man
while walking through the living room
smelled his shoes
found out there were two pairs it turned
out that there was not only one in the
house
now he hurriedly opened the cashier to
check the money he found it
empty angry he punched the wall
meanwhile
two people in the basement were looking
for a way out when suddenly a woman
jumped out
the action made the bell ring the girl's
mouth was covered
her hands and feet were tied like an
animal alex and rocky panicked and
quickly left
the girl held a paper to signal for help
rocky turned around
and it turned out that she was the one
who stabbed the blind old man's daughter
she pointed to a safe alex used the
password rocky remembered to open the
safe
get the key in it they quickly untied
and saved her
the two people helped her to go towards
the door to escape
just as alex opened the door about one
hour the passage grazed alex's ear hit
the girl
two people hurriedly hid into the dark
corner walking down the stairs
the old man discovered the dead person
was the girl he hugged the body
while crying and indignantly he locked
the cellar door to block the exit
collapse the power bridge in the
basement then started the fight
play thief hunting because he was so
familiar with the darkness and his
hearing acumen
he quickly caught alex and gave him a
blow alex and rocky quickly
escaped to the floor but now the dog
woke up and chased the two of them
the two of them escaped into a room the
old man has prepared a gun to chase
rocky hides in the windpipes the dog
grabbed alex on the body
causing him to fall out the old man
caught him immediately then controlled
and stabbed him with scissors
the moment the old man picked up the big
scissor stabbed alex
but the scissors stabbed into money's
body earlier without the old man knowing
rocky was about to escape when the old
man suddenly grabbed her
and dragged her down he tied rocky like
the girl from before
it turns out that the dead girl was
pregnant with his baby
since she was dead he angrily decided to
let rocky take his place
he took out a white liquid in the
freezer pulled out his straw
pulled and cut rock his pants just as
the old man was about to act
suddenly alex appeared from behind and
knocked him down
rocky rescued by alex angrily took the
straw
and stabbed him in the mouth and the two
of them tied him up in the cellar
when they were about to leave he
appeared again and shot and killed alex
rocky opened the door and ran out to
escape but did not forget to turn around
to tease he can't chase her but the dog
is different
rocky continued to run escaped into the
car when his backpack fell outside
the dog kept watching so he tried to use
a scheme to lock the dog
having finished controlling the dog when
she breathed a sigh of relief
he reappeared behind her knocked her
unconscious and dragged her home
rocky was dragged back in despair she
pressed the button with the alarm
control
the loud alarm gave him a headache not
knowing where rocky was
she took the iron rod and beat him
repeatedly in the head
causing him to collapse and fall she ran
away with the money
when he took his sister to the beginning
of a new life news on tv
showed that he was still not dead he
never said that he had lost money
only that he had successfully responded
to the two robbers